♪ Ben 10 ♪
Ah, just as beautiful
as I remember it, kids!
Now, I know you guys
aren't usually excited
- about the places we visit, - but...
No way!
- We've been researching - Yellowstone all morning!
- -Really? - -Yeah!
Some people on the Internet
- think there's treasure - buried here.
And if there's one thing
that makes a trip exciting,
- it's treasure! - Ha ha!
Well, uh, Ben, that's probably
just a metaphor.
There's no literal treasure.
- That's what they want - you to think.
Sure, whatever.
Look at all these geysers!
They're fueled by super-heated
pressurized water chambers.
And under all that,
there's a super volcano!
One well-placed earthquake,
and this place is history!
Cool!
You know, I'm feeling good
about camping today.
Sure you are.
[ Inhales deeply ]
- Woman: What are we doing - here, again?
- Woman #2: I don't know, - something about treasure.
[ Coughs ]
Treasure?
Don't be so loud, dummy!
Use your inside voice!
But we're outside!
Hey, Grandpa, I'm gonna
go check out nature...
Or whatever!
- Okay, Ben, - don't go too far.
[ Chortles ]
Whoa! They're going
in the ranger station.
Hmm.
Oh, no! La Grange!
[ Speaking French ]
Crud!
Huh?
[ Growls ]
I am glad to see
you all made it...
The Malachi Sisters,
Dirty Dobbs, Vinn Ethanol.
- [ Flies buzzing ] - Yo.
Everyone, take a map!
It outlines the details
of today's race course.
- Yo, but this - goes through miles
Of protected
environmental habitats.
Of course it does.
We will race through the
Grand Prismatic Springs,
through the geysers,
and across the mud pots,
and, finally,
into an abandoned cavern...
which happens
to be the location
of the legendary lost treasure
of Yellowstone.
- Whoa! - Family.
Real life treasure...
I knew it!
Ben, what are you doing?
[ Screams ]
- Why are you sneaking near - the ranger station?
Disengage the communication
orifice, Gwendoline!
Excuse me?
- How do we know there's even - any treasure there?
Who cares!
You afraid your car
can't handle the dirt?
Yeah! You some kind of chicken
or something?
Yo, listen.
Real racing is in the streets.
- [ Laughs ] - Cluck, cluck, clu-cluck!
Please, save your energy
for the race.
Treasure there is.
Genius you must possess.
You will need it to beat
LaGrange, my friends.
I don't have friends.
I have family.
You were right, Ben.
There really is treasure.
- And they're gonna - race for it!
And if I can
get there first...
[ Chuckles fiendishly ]
It's finally finished.
I spent the kajillion dollars
I found in the park
to build you... Cybearg!
[ Whirs, roars ]
Gwen: Ben!
Earth to Ben!
- Yeah? - They're on the move!
Duck!
[ Laughs evilly ]
[ Engine starts ]
Ready!
Set! Race!
Uh, Ben, I think it might be
time for you to, you know...
All right.
This calls for some XLR8-tion.
Yeah! Uh...
So, we have to chase down
some illegal racers?
- -Yeah. - -Oh, okay.
- Why'd you pick Diamondhead, - then?
Seems like XLR8 would have
been more appropriate.
I don't want
to talk about it.
- Woman: - First marker of the race!
Let's get rid of some
of this dead weight!
Yeah!
Curse you, Malachi sisters!
[ Screaming ]
Time to really go off road.
Ha ha!
The second marker!
- These busters think - they can beat me?
Well, I've got something
that nobody else does!
I got family.
[ Yells ]
Beat it, Ethanol!
Bunch of busters.
I'm not out of the race yet,
you wash rags!
Yee-ha!
See you later, Vinny!
[ Laughs ]
- Good thing I was wearing - my seatbelt.
Hey, you... you're under arrest!
Get back here!
Oh, no!
They're ruining the park!
Yeah! And if we don't beat them
to the treasure...
- -Treasure? - -Oh, uh...
I mean, the park is
a national treasure!
And LaGrange and his goons
need to be stopped!
[ Growls ]
LaGrange!
[ Laughs ]
Looks like you're not so fast
after all, Le Grunt!
Ah, but I'm only toying
with you, Dobbs.
[ Tires screech ]
And now, for the coup de grace!
[ Laughs ]
Agh! I'm okay!
Get that thing off our car
and man the gun!
Time to show him who's boss!
[ Both laugh ]
Grandpa, look out!
Ew, Gwen,
what did you eat today?
That's not me!
- That's the sulfur smell - from the mud.
- Whatever! - It's okay, though.
All your stinking has got me
thinking... about flying!
One big order of goop,
coming right up!
What in the?!
Uh-oh!
Shoo, fly!
You're getting in the way
of our treasure!
Hey, that treasure is mine!
[ Grunts ] Ew!
Got ya!
Put me down!
Dang! Stupid hood!
[ Both scream ]
- Can you guys - handle these two?
I have to hurry and catch up
with LaGrange!
You can count on us, sport.
Wow, Ben is really
on his game today.
And so selfless... putting his
love for Yellowstone first.
Treasure!
Oh, Cybearg!
[ Chortling ] Looks like
they're all out of sight.
And I was looking forward
to a good challenge.
What?!
- It can't be! - Is that...
License and registration,
please.
[ Laughs ]
But, seriously, pull over.
- And if you wouldn't mind handing - over that treasure map...
Buzz off, bug!
Fine!
I guess we'll do this
the stinky way.
Surely you don't think
that will stop LaGrange!
[ Beep ]
Aah! [ Growls ]
Wait till I catch up,
you're gonna... uh-oh!
[ Screams ]
I'm gonna get that treasure!
[ Tires screech ]
Hey!
This race isn't over,
LaGrange!
[ Scoffs ] I assure you
this race is already won.
What?!
[ Coughing ]
Overflow?!
Guess this is just
gonna have to do.
[ Tires squeal ]
Good try!
But not good enough
to defeat LaGrange!
Come back here!
Give up, LaGrange!
You're no match for me!
Let's see how well you race
when you're dodging these!
[ Rapid beeping ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Grunts ]
That cheater!
Whoa! This isn't a cavern,
this is a geyser!
Who would hide a treasure
in a place like this?
What?! [ Speaks French ]
Hey! Watch it!
Whoa, whoa!
[ Screaming ]
Aw, man!
He's gonna get it now.
Just one more jump and
the treasure will be mine!
I am the ultimate
racing champion!
- Hey, you're Italian, - right?
- How do you say "you're slow" - in Italian?
Je suis Francais!
[ Screaming ]
Okay, maybe I was
a little too rough.
Whoa!
Uh-oh.
Curse you, Tennyson!
Olly-oop!
[ Grunting ]
This place
is pretty unstable.
What?
The treasure, it's real!
I knew it!
It's beautiful!
[ Groaning ]
This place is gonna blow!
Get the treasure
or LaGrange?
Treasure or LaGrange?
Come on!
Don't rush me! Ohh.
[ Both laughing ]
You're the greatest,
Cybearg!
Cybearg!!
Can't hold...
[ Yells ]
Oh, fine!
[ Screaming ]
[ Gasping ]
Don't... don't drop me!
Well, all righty, Sammy!
That's the last of 'em.
Lock this troublemaker up.
Let's go,
Mr. "Lay Graynge."
It is pronounced LaGrange...
[ Yells ]
- -Yeah, Ben! - -Way to go, Ben!
- So, did you get - the treasure?
Nah, but it's cool.
- Being a hero and saving - the day is enough.
Oh, wow.
That's so noble of you.
What?!
Mine! It's mine!
All mine!
- Actually, Ben, - since this treasure
- Was found on - Federal property,
- It belongs - to the government.
W-What?
- Female Ranger: Oh, yeah, - your grandpa's right.
And since those guys did so much
damage to the park,
we can put that money towards
the conservation fund!
Cybearg!
Isn't that lucky, Ben?
Everything worked out.
- You saved the day, - captured the bad guys,
- And stopped them from wrecking - a national monument.
Ugh. But I didn't get
the treasure.
In a way, Ben, you you found
the real treasure...
The natural beauty of
Yellowstone National Park.
Yep, not doing it for me.
Time to throw stuff!